=About Love=
=Episode 6=
You're planning to tell Bei everything?
Yeah.
Including Jiang Yifan.
You're involved in this.
So I need to tell you first.
Why bring it up all of a sudden?
Yesterday, when I had dinner with Bei,
we ran into Yu He.
What did she say?
Nothing much, really.
But it scared me.
If I could run into you two today,
who knows who else I'll run into next?
I don't want Bei to hear it from others.
I should've been honest with him.
If you've hided something,
you might well hide it forever.
If you love him, accept all of him.
That's easier said than done.
Why hurt him with the truth?
So hiding it doesn't hurt him?
I mean, don't go too far.
It's exhausting.
Xi.
This lady's here to see you.
Sorry, do I know you?
I'm in a rush, so I'll keep it short.
Miss Guan sent me here.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
Miss Zhao.
Guan didn't tell you, did she?
I'm afraid I can't help you.
She did mention it to me.
But I think
there's nothing we can't talk through.
If I'm guessing right,
your husband has been cheating.
And you've got no proof.
I can't be the proof you're looking for.
You came for the wrong person.
You need a lawyer.
How about this?
How much do you want?
Name your price.
Miss Zhao, let me walk you out.
Don't act so high and mighty.
I've seen your
type before.
All talk on the surface, but actually
you're no better than a mistress.
Even worse than that.
Always
clinging to rich guys.
Listen, lady,
well,
if you talk like that, I have to say.
Forget who's worse here.
Your marriage's unhappy.
Maybe you should reflect yourself.
Look at you, dressed up so fancy.
You must've shopped a lot.
What shirt size does your husband wear now?
How much has his waist grown lately?
When did you last buy him socks?
Do you even know?
No, you don't.
You only know if the Birkin
stitch is inside or out,
the 2.55 bag's buckle gold or silver.
You also know when your husband's
WeChat is most active,
and if anyone calls him late at night?
Push too hard and things might snap back.
Give him some space.
Instead of hiring someone to test him,
why not spend more time
treating him better
and trying to save your marriage.
What's that smell?
That cheap perfume smells awful.
What are you doing?
- Can you afford it?
- Miss Zhao.
If you don't want your husband
to find out about this,
I'd suggest you be more careful.
Fine.
Really fine.
Take care.
Does this happen often?
They couldn't find this place before.
Consider this a warning.
A warning?
Someone's threatening you?
That's why you're telling Bei.
Thanks for today.
If you tell him,
what if he breaks up with you?
Then tell me what to do.
Is there any other way?
I don't want him to see what happened today.
If he truly cares about me,
maybe…
I don't want to hide this from him.
I love him.
But he hates Jiang Yifan so much.
If he finds out I'm Jiang Yifan,
will he hate me too?
I don't know.
Let me tell you.
A girl once told me,
when you love someone,
right and wrong don't matter anymore.
Just love him.
Until he doesn't care about your past.
Even when he knows your worst deeds,
he still can't resist you.
Alright?
Thank you.
Hey, relax.
He'll be just like me.
No.
He'll understand you better than I do.
(Baby,)
(they say giving flowers on Valentine's Day)
(is just cheesy, predictable.)
(So on this ordinary day,)
(I still want to share my love with you.)
(May every day with me around)
(bring you happiness.)
(Lun)
Hey.
I got the flowers.
Why do you always act like a kid
whenever you get a gift?
These are really beautiful.
This should be the second-best
gift I've ever gotten.
Then what's the first?
Take a guess.
Of course it's you.
Silly.
I'm with a client now. Talk later.
(Everlasting Flower 3)
Oh.
Dinner tonight?
Got clients tonight too.
I'll find you when I'm done.
Alright, bye.
Bye.
(Liang's Florist)
- I don't want to lie to you.
- Just answer me.
Are you married?
I don't want to lie to you.
It's just if I say it,
you'll get hurt.
I don't know how to...
Are you married?
Hello.
Hello, is this
Mr. Lun's place?
His cake order has arrived.
Oh, thank you.
Seriously.
Going all out for the anniversary.
Yes, I'm married.
Alright.
We're done here.
Mingming.
Mingming, Mingming.
Let go!
I only love you. Can't you see?
Right.
Every time before,
when I saw you with another woman,
I'd lie to myself the same way.
But now you tell me,
how am I supposed to lie to myself now?
Wait, listen to me.
Mingming, it's been ten years for us.
Back when we broke up,
I thought my life was over.
But then I met you again.
I realized I never truly forgot you.
I love you.
I thought nothing'd change between us.
Nothing would change?
Am I really that kind of person
in your eyes?
Mingming.
Let me go!
I love you.
You're the only one I truly love.
You love me?
You turned me into a homewrecker!
Oh, really.
This guy is such a jerk.
Nice hit.
- Too soft.
- Exactly.
He deserves worse.
Pass it.
- Over here!
- Give it to me!
Defend! Defend!
♪At night♪
♪I wonder if it will go away♪
♪At dawn♪
♪I wonder if I will be okay♪
♪I lie awake♪
(Lun)
♪Thinking about how to stay in sane♪
(Add to Blacklist)
♪I lie awake♪
♪Thinking there's nothing I could say♪
♪Only to lie and lie awake♪
Come in.
Bei, you wanna see me?
Come.
Have a seat.
Here.
Thanks.
Mingming.
Hmm?
Don't take my words the wrong way.
I just want to ask,
how are things with Sen?
Pretty good.
Uh.
But actually…
You're not together, are you?
Did he tell you that?
I could tell when he brought you here.
Oh.
Right.
So…
You like someone else?
Bei.
The man next to her isn't Sen, right?
What do you want to eat?
Hotpot or steak?
Hmm, how about steak?
There's a new place nearby.
Mm.
I've liked him
for a long, long time.
Catch it!
Maybe everyone's first love
starts as a secret crush.
Some people say
the hardest thing is mutual crushing.
But I don't think so.
That's the sweetest thing in the world.
Hey.
Would you like
to be my girlfriend?
First date.
First time holding hands.
First hug.
First kiss.
He fulfilled all my imaginations about love.
I loved listening to Jay Chou.
He only listened to JJ Lin.
Still, he could sing every Jay Chou song
and make it sound amazing.
We used to walk hand in hand
through every corner of the city.
He swore that once he had money,
he'd take me to Prague Square,
and to Santorini to watch the sunrise.
Almost my entire youth
was tied to him.
That's like textbook perfect love.
Yeah.
I'm lucky I got to experience that.
If you've got someone you love,
why didn't you just turn Sen down?
It's over between me and that person,
but I still need some time.
All those years together...
I can't just switch it off, right?
How long do you expect him to wait?
Until I can give him a new version of me,
focused, with no lingering feelings.
Only then would I deserve him.
Right?
I won't let him down.
When the time comes, I'll give him my all.
So, Bei,
can you...
pretend you don't know about this?
Ms. Yu,
could you check the sample?
Anything need changing?
I still think the sizing is off.
I gave you her measurements.
Why is it still made so small?
Oh.
Fix it.
Yeah, true. Loose fit is in this year.
Trends are impossible to keep up with.
Don't talk to me about trends.
Okay. I'll have the tailor adjust it.
Go ahead.
♪The haze within my heart♪
Hello, delivery for you.
I'll go grab it.
Let me check that photo from earlier.
- Okay.
- Yu, your delivery's here.
Could you open it for me?
Sure.
♪I favor love, and I reflect on it♪
♪Let black and white stand side by side♪
LV, huh.
What did you buy this time?
Whoa.
Is that this year's new style?
- Yep.
- The silver's a limited edition.
- Looks amazing.
Hey, there's a card.
♪I can't explain it♪
Yu,
I'm not good at picking gifts.
And I'm no expert at sweet talk.
I just want to see you happy.
If this gift isn't your style,
please don't be upset.
And don't blame me for spending.
I want a lifetime to understand you.
To give you all the best I have.
Just to fulfill that promise...
I love you.
Your clumsy husband.
How's that clumsy?
If I had a man like this,
I'd be laughing in my sleep.
See? It looks amazing.
You'd probably lose sleep.
♪I've been won over by love♪
♪Then sold by love again♪
Not busy, huh?
♪Life feels pure as snow♪
♪My eyes clouded
by the dust of life♪
♪Hard to dream
of the old road again♪
♪You ask when sorrow will fade♪
♪See all causes,
yet no sign of the way back♪
♪Lovebirds were never true lovers♪
♪Lovebirds were...♪
Hello?
I'm at the shop writing a song. What's up?
You got it already?
Do you like it?
You don't need
to say thank you.
Hey, Mom.
I saw your post.
Your husband bought you a bag?
Yeah.
So don't say he's stingy anymore.
He's just stingy with others.
All these years,
he's never bought us anything.
Do you think he actually cares about us?
Mom, what's the matter?
If he truly cared for you,
you wouldn't have to work so hard.
You're not young anymore.
Take better care of yourself.
Maybe think about having a kid.
I like having my own things to do.
What's that got to do with him?
Of course it's connected.
If you'd been with Hua back then,
would you be struggling like this now?
Our family knows Hua inside out.
He's ambitious,
respectful and mature.
Most importantly, he treats you well.
You wouldn't have to work so hard.
I'd have grandkids by now.
Alright, Mom, I'm busy.
I gotta go now.
Bye.
(Moments)
(48 New Messages)
(I'm so jealous.)
- (The best husband!)
- (Gorgeous!)
(I want one too.)
(Limited edition!)
(Can I borrow it for a few days?)
(Ms. Yu's husband is amazing!)
(Such a role model for us guys.)
Are you sure it's real?
No problem.
Ah.
Fakes are everywhere now.
I don't want to get tricked like a fool.
Among the people I know,
if you're not the No.1
person being shrewd, it's just unfair, okay?
How am I being shrewd?
I'm just forced by life, okay?
Oh, come on.
This bag looks really nice.
How much did it cost?
No idea.
Xiu gave it to me.
Knew it.
Xiu's so obsessed with spoiling you.
My guy should really
take a few notes from him.
Well,
when why don't we swap?
You've got the fancy car, big house,
living the rich life. What's wrong?
Why are you still complaining?
You don't get it.
Just thinking about him
ticks me off.
He once told me he was a rough guy.
Didn't think he meant it literally.
These past few years,
whether it's my birthday
or our anniversary,
he's never remembered once.
I have to remind him
after work when he comes home,
and he'd transfer me several grands.
Like I need his money?
You sound kinda privileged right now.
Sometimes I think,
what if I'd married Shufan back then?
Would my life be better?
At least he'd get me.
You're still thinking about him?
It's been so many years.
He's probably married by now.
Actually, not yet.
I heard,
after he left the school,
he started his own tutoring center.
He's swamped every day.
How could he have time to date?
Feels like that old line might've come true.
"No one but me." right?
Trust me.
It's lucky you didn't marry him.
Why's that?
He never knew what you really wanted.
(Devouring Sob)
(Withered Rose in Wine)
They say this pastry shop
has a bit of magic in it.
(Underworld Bagel)
It must be
(Eros' Wish)
dark magic.
Excuse me, do you have anything
lighter or more refreshing to recommend?
If you're not too picky,
you could try our latest special:
Eros' Wish.
Its flavor's layered.
Nothing to be picky about, right?
As long as you're not allergic to love.
Legend says this cake's like the world's
most intoxicating love potion.
The two who share it fall madly in love.
They'll never part till death.
Doing business in this way
is pretty sneaky.
I almost believed you.
(Schrodinger's Box)
Faith makes it real.
What if it really works?
Right.
I'll take that.
- Then we'll…
- Excuse me.
- What's this?
- Oh.
Inside is a mystery dessert.
Might not be your taste.
Or it might surprise you.
Want to give it a try?
Schrodinger's Box.
I'll take that one.
Alright.
Mm.
Have you decided yet?
Get me a drink.
Then how about Angel's Gamble?
Creamy milk tea with three lucky dice.
Guaranteed sweet sorrow.
Okay. Thanks.
Please wait a moment.
Thanks.
Sorry about that.
Ah?
For calling you out.
Am I interrupting work?
Oh no, not at all.
When you called me earlier,
I felt like you weren't in a good mood.
So I slipped out to come find you.
So, is something bothering you?
No, not really.
I just felt like talking to someone.
Oh.
That's good then.
By the way,
don't you have work today?
I…
I quit my job.
This shelf looks nice too.
We could put one at home.
Xiaoxi, maybe we can buy some frames.
If you tell him,
what if he breaks up with you?
Then we'll put the photos
all around the house.
Xiaoxi.
Hmm?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
You just seemed low
during dinner.
Did something happen?
Did I do something to upset you?
Of course not.
Then what's wrong?
I just feel like…
I should tell you about my past.
If I'm not mistaken,
it's about another guy, right?
How did you know?
I didn't. I was just guessing.
Why would you suddenly
bring this up with me?
I think when two people are together,
there shouldn't be any secrets.
You have the right to know my past.
But you
don't really want to
talk about it, do you?
No.
I did hesitate,
but I really wanted to tell you.
It's just that I was scared...
- you'd be upset if you knew.
- Listen.
Listen to me.
We're
both adults.
I know exactly
what to ask and what not to ask.
Besides, you don't want to talk about it.
Why put yourself through this?
Aren't you even
the tiniest bit curious?
Well, maybe just a little.
But I don't want to
judge the present you by the past you.
I don't think that means anything at all.
I only believe
the you right now.
And also,
I can give you space,
let you keep your own privacy.
If you want to talk, just say it.
If not, I won't ask.
But,
if anyone dares to mess with you,
you have to tell me.
Did you steal that from some CEO drama?
Woman, you're playing with fire.
But you've caught my attention.
You're getting a little full of yourself.
I've always been full of myself.
Here's your Angel's Gamble.
And your Schrodinger's Box.
It's big.
That big?
How else could it fit
all that honey, spices, and
mysterious unknown elements?
Wait,
are you starting with the sales pitch again?
Let me open it for you.
Okay.
Whoa.
Wow.
This…
Is this really edible?
More like an art piece.
Of course it's edible.
But you ordered the Music Box version.
You can give the music crank a turn
before you eat it.
Music crank? Oh, then…
- Here.
- Okay.
- Like this?
- Yes.
Please take your time and enjoy.
- Thanks.
♪I'll stay insane♪
♪When you call my name♪
♪You know what I'll say♪
♪At night♪
♪I wonder if it will go away♪
♪At dawn♪
♪I wonder if I will be okay♪
♪I lie awake♪
Mingming.
Ah?
Are you okay?
Mm.
Just had something on my mind.
Come on, taste it.
- Yeah.
- Looks like
it tastes pretty good.
Sen,
I don't know how to tell you this.
I want to call my boyfriend.
So...
You've been together this whole time.
Why did you lie to me?
Didn't you say you broke up ages ago?
What exactly do you want me to do?
Oh.
Fine.
Guess I'll go have a cigarette then.
Did you ever think about being with me?
You just wanted me gone, didn't you?
Stop talking.
Don't push me away, okay?
Now I finally get it.
When the heart is broken, it aches so deeply.
Stop it, just stop it, stop it!
I hope you never have to feel
this kind of pain.
It's unbearable.
(Mingming)
Are you happy?
Everything I told you today,
he already knows.
He even knows more than you do.
You mean he knows everything?
And he's okay with it?
Yeah, he is.
He's willing to wait for you?
I won't make him wait too long.
I'll soon be his girlfriend.
What do you mean?
I like Sen.
I want to be with him. Is that wrong?
You still like that guy.
How can you be with him?
Then tell me what I'm supposed to do.
The reason I haven't accepted Sen is
because I want to leave the past
behind for good.
I said I needed time. You didn't believe me.
I accepted him, and you still doubt me.
Why could you meddle in our relationship?
You can identify all luxury items here.
But what about love?
You only see the selfish side of me.
You don't see how much I truly
care about Sen.
You scared me.
Good to see you're back.
Look at you, love-struck and glowing.
I thought you'd take forever downstairs.
Well, someone's waiting for me at home.
I wouldn't dare.
Hmph.
What's this?
Matching slippers for couples?
So you finally confessed?
But looking at you now,
you don't seem troubled at all.
Mm.
That's it?
That means he doesn't care about your past.
So what are you worried about?
Does he really not care,
or does he simply not want to know?
And you know what?
He's never told me about his past.
Mm.
Honestly, I'd really like to know.
If he ever wanted to open up,
I'd love to listen.
Maybe you're overthinking this.
Maybe.
Listen,
when we went to buy slippers today,
he invited me
to move in with him.
Yeah.
But I stalled for a bit.
Then we can decorate
my home in the way you like.
Set it up however you like.
But…
Would you move in with me?
Or I could move to your place.
I just want to be with you.
Sure.
Really?
Really.
But you'll have to wait.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
I need to pack up.
Okay.
Are you playing hard to get?
I'm just worried
my morning breath might scare him off.
Kidding.
I'm afraid that after moving in,
we have different living habits,
and he might question
if we're that compatible.
And I haven't figured out
what version of me I want to show him.
What a nice girl you are,
yet love's turned you into a total mess.
Just be yourself. What's to be afraid of?
You know,
maybe when Bei's home alone,
he's just a sloppy guy who never showers.
Think about it.
Well, when I'm ready to be my true self,
I'll tell him everything then.
But what if...
Guan actually comes after you?
If she's that ruthless about it,
then I'll just have to...
tell Bei everything before she does.
Let's settle all this first.
If I'm lucky and he hasn't dumped me,
I'll bring him to meet my best friend.
Hey, no, no.
Don't make me picture that scene.
It's so embarrassing, seriously.
Drop it.
So, how are things?
Let's talk about you.
I haven't seen you lately.
Something's up. Come on, spill it.
The other day, my aunt set me up with a guy.
Her friend's son.
And the two of us
got to know each other a bit.
Love at first sight?
No, not at all.
He's really not my type. Too small.
You mean his height?
He's not short. Actually pretty tall.
So you do like him then?
No way. I told you, too small.
It wouldn't work.
So what if he's younger?
Haven't you heard that movie line?
I may be younger,
but I'm taller than you.
What kind of cheesy sweet talk is that?
Never heard it?
Nope. Where'd you even hear that?
Well, you really are out of touch.
Now you're totally like
a girl in her first relationship.
Really?
I do feel silly. Is it that obvious?
Yes.
But it makes you kind of cute.
♪In every corner of my life♪
♪Quietly blooming for me♪
♪I once thought I would always♪
♪Stay right by her side♪
♪Today we have already parted ways♪
Hello, Sen.
Hello, Bei.
Mingming quit her job?
Yes, I was going to tell you about that.
But I wanted to talk to you face-to-face.
I introduced her to the job.
Sorry about that.
No need to apologize.
Then...
Did she tell you why she quit?
That's exactly why I came to talk to you.
Are you free tonight?
Yeah.
Alright.
Oh, right.
Invite Gong and the others.
See you tonight.
Okay.
About me and Sen...
Whatever.
But Bei,
I hope you understand.
Even if I'm not perfect,
I know how to stay loyal to one person.
This wiring's off.
Have the technician redo it.
Double-check it.
Got it.
Someone!
Hurry, hurry!
What's wrong?
Give me a hand, Bei.
Come on.
What happened?
Pulled a muscle at the gym.
What do you mean?
I already told you.
Hide in the cabinet.
Don't jump out the window.
What are you talking about?
I was doing squats.
Squats.
Come give me a hand.
Hey, come over here.
You're really heartless.
I'm skipping tonight's dinner.
Something feels off.
That punk Sen…
Last time he treated me was 2 years ago.
Just a snack.
Before he left,
he even asked me for 500 yuan.
Don't you think tonight sounds like a trap?
He invited us to Linglong tonight.
Linglong?
Wow, looks like he's loaded now.
Yeah, I tried calling Xiu several times.
He didn't pick up any.
I'm swamped today.
You get in touch with him.
Sure.
Okay.
Hey, do you think
Luanluan won't pick up either?
Mm.
Got a task for you.
Help me
keep her company.
Bei.
Yeah.
You've got nerves.
Since you're like this, I gotta say
something.
You're buried in work all day.
Your hairline receding or what?
- Get lost.
- Let me check.
Get lost.
Slow down.
My leg's pulled. Help me out.
Come here.
♪I'll admit♪
♪My back is faced against the wall♪
♪There's nothing that
I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
♪I'll resist♪
♪Your gaze, your lips♪
♪Your touches again♪
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
♪Take my mind again♪
♪Break into my heart again♪
♪I'm falling out again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
♪To beg for the truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪I thought it had came from
below us♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪Is it violent or warming, entrancing♪
♪This secret of love♪